README.md, before:

# PHONE BOOK

_This App is about **PHONE BOOK**_.<br/>
_version: 17/04/2019_<br/>

_By **Josh Hortt**_

## Description

_The goal of this simple Web page is to **Insert your contacts in a form**_.<br/>
_After inserting contact details, you will be asked to add another address_,<br/>
_by clicking a button **More** for that contact_,<br/>
_before you click the red button **Record** contact details and move on_.<br/>
_INSERT PHONE NUMBER **SOON**_.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

_Contribute to phone-book by cloning this repository_.

## Contribute

_**Issue Tracking**: github.com/Joshhortt/phone-book/issues_<br/>
_**Source**: github.com/Joshhortt/phone-book_

## Support and Contact Details

_If you have any issues or have questions, ideas, concerns, please contact:_ joshhortt@yahoo.com

## Technologies Used

_**HTML5** - Hyper Text Markup Language_<br/>
_**CSS3** - Cascading Style Sheets_<br/>
_**VANILLA JAVASCRIPT** - Javascript_</br>
_**BOOTSTRAP4** - Bootstrap_</br
_**JQUERY.3.3.1** - JQuery_

## License

*MIT License. Copyright (c) 2019 Josh Hortt*

Commit message:

update 'intro' of the application in README'.

README.md, after:

# PHONE BOOK

_This application is about constructors and prototypes using JavaScript to create a simple **PHONE BOOK**_.<br/>
_version: 17/04/2019_<br/>

_By **Josh Hortt**_

## Description

_The goal of this simple Web page is to **Insert your contacts in a form**_.<br/>
_After inserting contact details, you will be asked to add another address_,<br/>
_by clicking a button **More** for that contact_,<br/>
_before you click the red button **Record** contact details and move on_.<br/>
_INSERT PHONE NUMBER **SOON**_.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

_Contribute to phone-book by cloning this repository_.

## Contribute

_**Issue Tracking**: github.com/Joshhortt/phone-book/issues_<br/>
_**Source**: github.com/Joshhortt/phone-book_

## Support and Contact Details

_If you have any issues or have questions, ideas, concerns, please contact:_ joshhortt@yahoo.com

## Technologies Used

_**HTML5** - Hyper Text Markup Language_<br/>
_**CSS3** - Cascading Style Sheets_<br/>
_**VANILLA JAVASCRIPT** - Javascript_</br>
_**BOOTSTRAP4** - Bootstrap_</br>
_**JQUERY.3.3.1** - JQuery_

## License

*MIT License. Copyright (c) 2019 Josh Hortt*
